## Introduction

TODO: Describe the topic, perspectives, and arguments.

Schiphol Airport, the largest airport in the Netherlands, welcomed 62 million passengers in 2023. With its 65,000 employees, Schiphol has a significant positive influence on the Dutch economy. However, Schiphol also has a substantial negative impact on local residents and the environment. The primary concerns include the emission of fine particulate matter and noise pollution from airplanes. The limit on the number of aircraft movements at Schiphol has therefore been a much-discussed topic since 2008, when it was decided that a ceiling of 500,000 flights would be implemented until 2020. Afterward, the total aircraft movements were to decrease by 10% every year as proposed by the Dutch Parliament. However, due to pressure from companies like KLM and countries like the United States and Canada, the proposed reduction of Schiphol's operations has been delayed. To accommodate local residents, Schiphol has decided to reduce the movement of private airplanes and implement a "nightstop" from 00:00 to 05:00 starting in 2025/2026.

This data story, on behalf of "Data Visualization" at the University of Amsterdam, will explore the total aircraft movements at Schiphol Airport from 1992 to the present and their influence on the emission of harmful substances. In particular, we will examine the correlation between `total aircraft movements`, `cargo (in tonnes)`, and `emissions (in kg)`. Datasets provided by Schiphol and the 'Rijksoverheid' will be used.

First, we will provide an insight into the datasets used, including how they were found and processed. Following this, we will discuss the perspectives and arguments using visualization components and text. To conclude, a reflection and work distribution will be provided
